i. Hey Alex, So I have current goals and dreams in GIS that I would like to have. So currently I work as a GIS Intern for the City of Carson in the South Bay/ Harbor Area of Los Angeles. I have worked here for a little over a year and a half now. I'm quite certain I will be hired full time as a GIS Analyst for the city. I really want to be able to move out to Long Beach in doing so and to use it as a starting pad to go elsewhere after. I mainly want to learn all I can being an analyst for a city and then perhaps move on up to LA and work on transit systems and planning where I can have a say in how things in the city should be built and to maintain a larger cities geodatabases. It would also be cool to work outside of California as well, such as New York City or Chicago. Just some other large cities where I can see myself in. Ultimately I do want to stay in SoCal and the Los Angeles Metro in General. It is home and I don't necessarily want to leave in the long run. Some cool things I would like to do in the realm of GIS would be to make a youtube or social media channel where I map out the great Southern California and Baja California Regions. perhaps something similar to the LA in a Minute Guy but have a grander scope of SoCal and to have a more geographical/map elements. Such as the desert. I know you live out in 29 Palms. I know a lot about the ecology of the desert and the high and low deserts of Southern California really are beautiful. I think the Salton Sea region is one of the most underrated (getting more popular the past 5 years), beautiful places in the desert. I have written many papers based on the Salton Sea as well as made plenty of maps of the region. I want my moniker to be "the SoCal Geographer". (I've told you so please don't steal it lol)

ii. I think learning how to code is very interesting and I want to be able to use it more in my work. The use of codespace I feel has been very helpful in understanding the importance of python. I know AI is going to be important too. my Boss has really wanted me and everyone in IT to learn as much as we can about AI and the importance of it's uses in the future. I really like the web application stuff though. I use it a lot and I think it really is a cool way to showcase your data to anyone interested in viewing it. I like experience builder, dashboards and Storymaps.

iii. Ohh man as soon as the semester is over. I really want to focus on my health. getting back into shape, going to the gym, trail running and eating right. Other things I can't wait to jump back into is getting back to my creative side. I like to paint Gouache Painting, I want to join a ceramics studio again and I want to get a nice art printer where I can start making art prints. That way I can also start selling my paintings, ceramics and prints of maps or other art I create I can sell at events or online. All of these things take time and money but I am excited to get back into my life before I went back to college. I feel more well rounded and I think I will start thriving post grad-school.